I think component -> hero-section not needed
team.component should be deleted, members also deleted

making a centralized event list that changes dider,header and sidebar





      `What just happened when you clicked or swiped on your screen using your finger which eventually led to this page right here..?
       Has it ever occurred to you that while you scroll through reels and shorts on different apps, your body chemistry is the prime 
       part of the “ working of touch screen” and not any other component? Well if you haven't thought about this, i'm glad i could light 
       the matter on to you and if you already have, buddy! you've reached the right corner of the internet.`,

       ` As most of you must know, the touch screen of a smartphone essentially consists of a protective , insulating glass exterior and an 
       LCD screen at the bottom which produces the content . What we forget is the several sheets present between them.One of them is lined
        with rows of conducting material which carry Alternative electric current. Imagine the same but in columns, that's how another sheet 
        is. Both of them are separated by a thin insulating layer. As you can imagine, one aligned on top of another makes a grid. Let's call
         the points the column and rows intersect as nodes. `,

         `The phone's battery draws electrons along the first layer and some electrons accumulate at every node which inturn creates a small electric field.
          You can say that the nodes act as capacitors since they store charges. Something you have to keep in your mind is that your body is a great conductor
          and is constantly transmitting electric currents (since 70 percent of its mass is water which is loaded with ions which have a net electric charge).
          As you must have guessed, your finger acts as a third electric line here. It interacts with the existing electric field which further induces a weak
          electric current that travels through your finger and back to the phone. This changes the charge in the affected nodes. `,
      
          `The voltage measurements along the second layer tells the phone's microprocessor which part of the screen is being touched. This is why your phone acts
           bizarre when water is splattered on the screen(acting like multiple places are touched at once). While, if you are wearing a glove or some kind of insulator
            the current doesn't flow through your hand thus producing no effect.`